It's very important that you understand MIB's or management information bases.
Ideas or object identifiers and performance counters with in your role as a network manager and also
when working with network management applications with regard to understanding network protocols.
There are three key terms to understand.
Firstly MIBs all management information bases.
Secondly IDs or object identifies and performance counters or perf Mon.
Now in a lot of conversations network engineers use the term merb and Id interchangeably.
However it's important to make a distinction.
A MEB is a larger entity than an ID and an ID is included within a mob.
A mob is a database used for managing entities in a network using protocols such as SMP objects in the
mob are defined using abstract Semitics notational Esan and the database is structured as a whole Rockhill
database or tree structure.
Each entry in the merb is addressed through an ID.
So as an example if a network manufacturer wanted to create a merb for polling environmental statistics
on a router.
The router manufacturer would include a merb with many different types of variables and statistics which
would give you a total view of that type of statistic for the device whereas an ID would be used for
polling a specific interface as an example with a specific object identifier.
And that's where the term ID comes from is an already see discussing the management information base
or merb for network management of TZP IP based internets this RAFC obsoletes RAFC 11:58.
And it defines the second version of the merb to for use with network management protocols in a TCAP
IP network.
If she explains that a lot of detail about some of the groups that are available in the lab including
as an example the system group this contains four objects which you'll often see in network management
environments s'est contact system name says location and TSAs services and this provides contacted administrative
information regarding the managed node interfaces group contains information about interfaces as an
example.
Now you know why shock capture information was being sent back from a managed device.
In this case Rodda to to the network management station and notice it includes information such as 3
6 to 1 2 and so forth doing a search in this RAFC too.
We can see information with that Hauraki valleys wonder 3.6 1.4 as an example in the obsoleted version.
Of this RAFC said the one that this RAFC replaced we could search for information and it would include
information such as this ISO organization diod the internet management system system descriptor.
So this is appended to an instance such identify of or a value like this indicates system descriptor.
So in this example notice the Hauraki 1 3 6 1 to 1 and then it changes to other values to to.
That's very difficult to look for information in an R-S.C. such as this.
So it's easier to look at a browser for specific merb over ID information.
So rather than trying to work this out you could use a browser to see what this actually means.